network.size 50
random.seed 10
simulation.endtime 50000

protocol.position PositionProtocolImpl
protocol.position.minspeed 5
protocol.position.maxspeed 20
protocol.position.width 3000
protocol.position.height 3000
protocol.position.pause 20

protocol.emit EmitterImpl
protocol.emit.latency 90
protocol.emit.scope 200
protocol.emit.variance FALSE
protocol.emit.positionProtocol position

protocol.vkt VKT04
protocol.vkt.emit emit
protocol.vkt.probe 300
protocol.vkt.timer 400
protocol.vkt.beaconinterval 100
protocol.vkt.maxbeaconloss 6

initial_position_strategy FullRandom
initial_position_strategy.emitter emit
initial_position_strategy.positionprotocol position

#NextDestinationImmobility

next_destination_strategy FullRandom
next_destination_strategy.positionprotocol position
next_destination_strategy.random_dest_period 20000

control.monitor GraphicalMonitor
control.monitor.positionprotocol position
control.monitor.neighborprotocol vkt
control.monitor.monitorableprotocol vkt
control.monitor.emitter emit
control.monitor.time_slow 200
control.monitor.from 0
control.monitor.until 50000
control.monitor.step 1


init.i InitialisationVTK

